Why are you taking the back-end class? What are your current expectations of the back-end class?
A: Because I want diverse and supplemental job-skills for my future career prospects, in grant, copy, or proposal writing that will make me a more desirable candidate 
and allow me to pivot more so in my role. 
B: Because understanding the architecture of  website and the data within will be beneficial to my personal projects.  

Before front-end class, did you have coding experience? What computer language(s) and how long ago?
In the fall 2019 class at Sacramento City College, I took a C++ course and came pretty close to completing it with a C, but I had to drop the class for 
personal financial reasons. 

What front-end topics did you find difficult or what did you struggle with?
I would say resizing images and some of the concepts like making lists when applying classes, as well as more coplicated gri-work,
when designing a page. 

Did the front-end class meet your expectations? Explain how it did or did not.
I'd say it did. I learned a lot. Nothing is going to make you a maverick at something in seven weeks. It could have used more frequent homework,
but it was still interesting to scramble to get projts done, even if it caused more gaps in my fundamentals than I would have liked.This issue was definitely remedied in
back end, although sadly my schedule is becoming increasingly hectic with work. 

Are you switching careers or looking to add skills to your resume? Why?
I go over this decently in question 1, but I'd say more core aim is to get experience in white collar fields, and provide a base for myself 
that will allow for financial growth that will allow me to do things like live alone, work remotely, or easily buy a house somewhere.

What books or other resources are you depending on outside of class to enhance your learning?
I really need to be more involved in supplemental resources. Very hectic schedule! I did download the book from last class though.

Other than HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, what other computer languages are you currently learning or are interested in learning? Why?
None at the moment, but I certainly wouldn't mind learning python for app development, or trying my hand at C++ again.

Where do you see the industry going in the future?
Same as every other industry haha, automation, but also a higher standard for soft skills as more people get into STEM out of financial necessity/reasons. I feel
a white collar job apocalypse is looming in the U.S. and future happiness will largely be dependent on getting what you need as soon as possible, i.e. passive income 
and a house. 

After taking the back-end class do you plan or have already planned on continuing your learning in tech? What specifically do you plan on focusing?
That's hard to say. I would likely focus on learning web design more thouroghly both on the visual design side and the data tracking side. From there, I might branch out into
other things, just going by what calls to me, or prhaps what might be most desired from anexisting employer. Either way, I don't plan on ceasing my general learning
until my income, job security, and relative job comfort match my quality of life desires.   

